### Install

To make it run you have to write in your command line:

```
composer install
```

There are no libs still, but we use the autoload generated by composer to load all the project classes.

### Execution

Into the folder web, there is the **console.php**, a single point application to load it. There are only four commands availables:

#### addProduct
```
php console.php addProduct <idProduct> <unitPrice> <offerPrice> <minimumProductsForOffer> <amountProducts>
```

This method returns an Json output with 3 status:

```
{"status":0}
```

The **value 0** means the product has been inserted.

**Value 1** means more amount of products that the shopping cart accepts, in the exercise is 50.

**Value 2** means more type of products than expected. In this exercise is 10

#### removeProduct
```
php console.php removeProduct <idProduct>
```

Returns a json code like this:

```
{"status":false}
```

**False** means no product found, so then no product deleted.

**True** means product deleted.

#### totalAmount
```
php console.php totalAmount
```

This outputs you the amount of price in the shopping cart. The output is a json like this:
```
{"amount":29.3}
```

#### currencyExchang
```
php console.php currencyExchang <currencySymbol>
```

The currency symbol are the typical ones like USD, GBP, etc. The output is something like this:

```
{"symbol":"GBP","exchange":22.55514}
```

Where the symbol is the currency symbol, and exchange is the amount in the currency indicated.

**Notice**: If you get 0 here, but totalAmount not, means the symbol used has not been found in yahoo APIs


### The structure file

I have divided the code in three layers, trying to follow the Hexagonal Architecture:

- **ApplicationLayer** - Here I have included presentationLayer to keep it simple
- **DomainLayer**
- **InfrastructureLayer**

The literatury to decided for that structure file comes from this articles:

- http://www.refactoringideas.com/multilayered-architecture-4-the-infrastructure-layer/
- Book of Eric Evans, here it is referred from Martin Fowler http://www.martinfowler.com/bliki/AnemicDomainModel.html
- http://stackoverflow.com/questions/18809249/domain-driven-design-repository-implementation-in-infrastructure-layer <- super interesting
